always come first this is action for
sports here it is we finally made it the
final week of the valley high school
football regular season and some big
streaks on the line tonight for the
harlingen Cardinals taking on one of the
hottest teams in the valley tonight
Action 4 sports reporter Brendan
Fitzgerald live at PSJA stadium with
more Brendan clay this harlingen team
has been pumped up a lot of hype
surrounding it all season long tonight a
chance for them to complete their
perfect regular season at 10 and 0 here
at PSJA Stadium PSJA memorial winners of
four straight looking to pull the giant
upset on senior night as we go to the
highlights and the Wolverines able to
come out looking pretty good mame and
see us their starting quarterback
sprained an ankle on their first drive
didn't matter hi mate beret go find
zarni olivares in the endzone 23-yard
touchdown quickly in the first quarter
seven nothing PSJA memorial harlingen
didn't get things going until the second
quarter but that's when they started
rolling Kevin ledesma thought he was
going to throw it tucks it runs it gets
the pylon from six yards out then Brian
Blakemore on the ground as he goes up
the middle 10 yards for the touchdown
14-7 harlingen at the half in the second
half they blew off ledesma going to the
air now finds Charlie powers he shakes
off a tackle goes 44 yards to the house
and then ran deeper maiya doing the rest
here harlingen such a deep team and they
showed why tonight spreading the wealth
they go on to win it 4927 and they are
officially crowned district champs
getting to 30 15 a trophy that's the
final they're focused on the playoffs
they're from their goal this season has
been a state championship but for
tonight celebration definitely going to
enjoy the tendon oh man I tell you what
it's it's a lot of hard work and that
the kids have put in but you know it's
it's a great feat man it's
to do it at any level and in 31 58
especially we've been sent 10 and 0 for
almost three years now and I mean it's
just a great feeling and it's no other
great your credit feeling and i miss the
bed is better than beaten abilene
celebrating tonight tomorrow there were
shift their focus to los fresnos that's
their first-round opponent in the
playoffs it's on a Saturday Manny Gomez
says he wants to play every playoff game
on a Saturday because the state
championship game is played on a
Saturday but for now celebrating the 10
and 0 and the district championship
that's it from PSJA stadium in far
Brendan Fitzgerald action for sports
thanks a lot Brendan this harlingen team
hasn't been beaten in the regular season
since 2008 Halloween I believe that's
about 31 or 32 straight games unbeliev